read me changes to point to GA release docs (#6248)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: README.md

You can find a complete list of all the packages for these libraries [here](packages.md).

### Important: 

> We have released 'azure-sdk-for-java' GA( i.e. General Availability ) in November 2019. We recommend using stable and officially supported GA versions of these packages.

Reviewer: How about: 

"The Azure SDK team is pleased to make available the November 2019 client library General Availability (GA) release.  We strongly recommend using the GA libraries in all production environments as these libraries are well tested and officially supported by Microsoft.  More details, including installation instructions can be found here"

The libraries released in the GA November 2019 release:
- [Identity](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/azure-identity_1.0.0/sdk/identity/azure-identity/README.md)
- [Key Vault Keys](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/azure-security-keyvault-keys_4.0.0/sdk/keyvault/azure-security-keyvault-keys/README.md)
- [Key Vault Secrets](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/azure-security-keyvault-secrets_4.0.0/sdk/keyvault/azure-security-keyvault-keys/README.md)
- [Storage Blobs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/azure-storage-blob_12.0.0/sdk/storage/azure-storage-blob/README.md)
- [Storage Blobs Batch](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/azure-storage-blob_12.0.0/sdk/storage/azure-storage-blob-batch/README.md)
- [Storage Blobs Cryptography](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/azure-storage-blob_12.0.0/sdk/storage/azure-storage-blob-cryptography/README.md)
- [Storage Queues](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/azure-storage-blob_12.0.0/sdk/storage/azure-storage-queue/README.md)

The libraries released in the November 2019 preview:

> - [App Configuration](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/074dd7a33f58ec02f84bfb6b94fa48529a6997ad/sdk/appconfiguration/azure-data-appconfiguration/README.md)

Reviewer 2: Can this link use a tag instead of commit hash?

Author: tags did not get generated for app config . I will talk to eng team.

- [Event Hubs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/azure-messaging-eventhubs_5.0.0-preview.5/sdk/eventhubs/azure-messaging-eventhubs/README.md)
- [Event Hubs Checkpoint Store](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/azure-messaging-eventhubs-checkpointstore-blob_1.0.0-preview.3/sdk/eventhubs/azure-messaging-eventhubs-checkpointstore-blob/README.md)
- [Storage File Share](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/azure-storage-file-share_12.0.0-preview.5/sdk/storage/azure-storage-file/README.md)

> - [Key Vault Certificates](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/azure-keyvault-keys_4.0.0-preview.5/sdk/keyvault/azure-keyvault-certificates/README.md)

Reviewer 2: This link is not found either. Can you verify the path? I guess the path is missing `security`.

Author: verified

> - [OpenCensus Tracing](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/azure-core-tracing-opencensus_1.0.0-preview.4/sdk/tracing/azure-core-tracing-opencensus/README.md)

Reviewer 2: This link is not found. Can you please check?
https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/azure-core-tracing-opencensus_1.0.0-preview.4/sdk/tracing/azure-core-tracing-opencensus/README.md

### Prerequisites
Java 8 or later is required to use the November 2019 client libraries, otherwise Java 7 or later is required.

## Release branches (Release tagging)

### Master branch

> The master branch represent more recent code with new features and bug fixes. It does **not** represent latest released **GA** SDK. See [below](#Client-GA-November-2019-Releases) for latest **GA** release.<br/>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The master branch has the most recent code with new features and bug fixes. It does **not** represent the latest released **GA** SDK. See [below](#Client-GA-November-2019-Releases) for latest **GA** release.<br/>
```

> The master branch represent more recent code with new features and bug fixes. It does **not** represent latest released **GA** SDK. See [below](#Client-GA-November-2019-Releases) for latest **GA** release.<br/>

Reviewer 3: Do you need `<br/>`? Markdown should be smart enough to provide breaks. To split a paragraph, add two line breaks.

Author: I tried without <br/> but I was not getting new line.

> For each package we release there will be a unique git tag created that contains the name and the version of the package to mark the commit of the code that produced the package. This tag will be used for servicing via hotfix branches as well as debugging the code for a particular preview or stable release version.

Reviewer 4: GA libraries are tracked using a unique git tag to mark a specific point in the repository's history.

> Format of the release tags are &lt;package-name&gt;_&lt;package-version&gt;. For more information please [see](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk/blob/master/docs/policies/repobranching.md#release-tagging)

Reviewer 2: The italic fonts start from this line which has an `_`.

> Format of the release tags are &lt;package-name&gt;_&lt;package-version&gt;. For more information please [see](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk/blob/master/docs/policies/repobranching.md#release-tagging)

Reviewer 3: You can use backtick instead of less than and greater than if you want it to show as-is.

Reviewer 3: Also the reason why it shows up as italics. Consider using `<package-name>_<package-version>` instead. (with backticks)

Author: It does not show as italics when we see MD file in browser. Try to open this in browser https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/176a3504db0b0071186df1b6b2f2bd6a1369ed23/README.md#master-branch

> ## Latest Release

Reviewer 4: Should this `## Release branches (Release tagging)` be here ?

Author: It is suggested by few people and other people have it. We will wait and see user study on this.

Each service might have a number of libraries available from each of the following categories:

> - [Client: GA November 2019 Releases](#Client-GA-November-2019-Releases)

Reviewer 4: nit: use hyphen to be consistent.

- [Client - Previous Versions](#Client-Previous-Versions)
- [Management](#Management)

### [Client: GA November 2019 Releases](#Client-GA-November-2019-Releases)

> New wave of packages that were released in November 2019 client library  as General Availability (GA) and several others that were released in **preview**. These libraries follow the [Azure SDK Design Guidelines for Java](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/java/guidelines/) and share a number of core features such as HTTP retries, logging, transport protocols, authentication protocols, etc., so that once you learn how to use these features in one client library, you will know how to use them in other client libraries. You can learn about these shared features [here](sdk/core/README.md). 

Reviewer 2: These are italicized. Can you please fix the formatting?

> New wave of packages that were released in November 2019 client library  as General Availability (GA) and several others that were released in **preview**. These libraries follow the [Azure SDK Design Guidelines for Java](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/java/guidelines/) and share a number of core features such as HTTP retries, logging, transport protocols, authentication protocols, etc., so that once you learn how to use these features in one client library, you will know how to use them in other client libraries. You can learn about these shared features [here](sdk/core/README.md). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
New wave of packages that were released in November 2019 client library as General Availability (GA) and several others that were released in **preview**. These libraries follow the [Azure SDK Design Guidelines for Java](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/java/guidelines/) and share a number of core features such as HTTP retries, logging, transport protocols, authentication protocols, etc., so that once you learn how to use these features in one client library, you will know how to use them in other client libraries. You can learn about these shared features [here](sdk/core/README.md). 
```

> These libraries can be easily identified by their folder, package, and namespaces names starting with `azure-`, e.g. `azure-keyvault`.

Reviewer 4: These libraries can be easily identified undre the _sdk/_ folder

- [App Configuration](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/azure-data-appconfiguration_1.0.0-preview.6/sdk/appconfiguration/azure-data-appconfiguration)
- [Event Hubs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/azure-messaging-eventhubs_5.0.0-preview.5/sdk/eventhubs/azure-messaging-eventhubs/README.md)
- [Event Hubs Checkpoint Store](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/azure-messaging-eventhubs-checkpointstore-blob_1.0.0-preview.3/sdk/eventhubs/azure-messaging-eventhubs-checkpointstore-blob/README.md)
- [Storage File Share](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/azure-storage-file-share_12.0.0-preview.5/sdk/storage/azure-storage-file-share/README.md)
- [Key Vault Certificates](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/azure-security-keyvault-certificates_4.0.0-preview.5/sdk/keyvault/azure-security-keyvault-certificates/README.md)
- [OpenCensus Tracing](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/azure-core-tracing-opencensus_1.0.0-preview.4/sdk/core/azure-core-tracing-opencensus/README.md)

> NOTE: If you need to ensure your code is ready for production use one of the stable, non-preview libraries.

> ### Client: Previous Versions(#Client-Previous-Versions)

Reviewer 3: You don't need to manually input these anchors. They are auto-generated by markdown. Same with management below.

Last stable versions of packages that have been provided for usage with Azure and are production-ready. These libraries provide similar functionalities to the preview libraries, as they allow you to use and consume existing resources and interact with them, for example: upload a blob. Stable library directories start with `microsoft-azure-`, e.g. `microsoft-azure-keyvault`. They might not implement the [guidelines](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/java_introduction.html) or have the same feature set as the Novemeber releases. They do however offer wider coverage of services. 

### Management(#Management)

> Libraries which enable you to provision specific resources. They are responsible for directly mirroring and consuming Azure service's REST endpoints. Management library directories contain `-mgmt-`, e.g. `azure-mgmt-keyvault`.

Reviewer 3: nit: leading space.

### Prerequisites
Java 8 or later is required to use the November 2019 client libraries, otherwise Java 7 or later is required.

## Branches

### Master branch
The master branch represent more recent code with new features and bug fixes. It does **not** represent latest released **GA** SDK. See [below](#Client-GA-November-2019-Releases) for latest **GA** release.

> 

Reviewer: Please add 

### Release branches (Release tagging)
For each package we release there will be a unique git tag created that contains the name and the version of the package to mark the commit of the code that produced the package.  This tag will be used for servicing via hotfix branches as well as debugging the code for a particular preview or stable release version.

Format of the release tags are `<package-name>_<package-version>`.  For more information please see https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk/blob/master/docs/policies/repobranching.md#release-tagging"

## Latest Release
Each service might have a number of libraries available from each of the following categories:

- [Client: GA November 2019 Releases](#Client-GA-November-2019-Releases)
- [Client - Previous Versions](#Client-Previous-Versions)
- [Management](#Management)

### [Client: GA November 2019 Releases](#Client-GA-November-2019-Releases)

> New wave of packages that we are announcing as **GA** and several that are currently releasing in **preview**. These libraries follow the [Azure SDK Design Guidelines for Java](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/java/guidelines/) and share a number of core features such as HTTP retries, logging, transport protocols, authentication protocols, etc., so that once you learn how to use these features in one client library, you will know how to use them in other client libraries. You can learn about these shared features [here](sdk/core/README.md). 

Reviewer: Can you change this to past tense since the libraries are out now?

The libraries released in the GA November 2019 release:
- [Identity](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/azure-identity_1.0.0/sdk/identity/azure-identity/README.md)
- [Key Vault Keys](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/azure-security-keyvault-keys_4.0.0/sdk/keyvault/azure-security-keyvault-keys/README.md)
- [Key Vault Secrets](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/azure-security-keyvault-secrets_4.0.0/sdk/keyvault/azure-security-keyvault-keys/README.md)
- [Storage Blobs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/azure-storage-blob_12.0.0/sdk/storage/azure-storage-blob/README.md)
- [Storage Blobs Batch](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/azure-storage-blob_12.0.0/sdk/storage/azure-storage-blob-batch/README.md)
- [Storage Blobs Cryptography](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/azure-storage-blob_12.0.0/sdk/storage/azure-storage-blob-cryptography/README.md)
- [Storage Queues](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/azure-storage-blob_12.0.0/sdk/storage/azure-storage-queue/README.md)

The libraries released in the November 2019 preview:

> - [App Configuration](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/074dd7a33f58ec02f84bfb6b94fa48529a6997ad/sdk/appconfiguration/azure-data-appconfiguration/README.md)

Reviewer: this doesn't look like the correct tag

Author: This is the correct commit. For some reason, no tags were created for App Config. Thus we are using comment hash .

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

> [api_documentation]: https://aka.ms/java-docs

Reviewer 2: All the links in this page are returning a 404. Can you please check who can fix these?

Reviewer: Thanks for checking the links @srnagar - this is good catch.  @hemanttanwar can you run a free link checker over all of these?

Author: removing api_documentation link

> [samples_readme]: https://aka.ms/java-docs

Reviewer 2: Should `samples_readme` be a different link than the `api_documentation` link?

Reviewer: Yes, all language repos are supposed to be adding a /samples/README.md to the root of the repo.  I assume this is coming in a follow on PR

Author: I am removing this link. Not needed.
